feat: added geoip stage to loki.process (#4090)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/loki.process.md

}
```

### stage.geoip block

> The `stage.geoip` inner block configures a processing stage that reads an ip address and populates the labelset with geoip fields. Maxmind’s GeoIP2 databse is used for the lookup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stage.geoip` inner block configures a processing stage that reads an IP address and populates the labelset with geoip fields. Maxmind’s GeoIP2 database is used for the lookup.
```

| `db`      | `string` | Path to the Maxmind DB file.                      |         | yes      |
| `source`  | `string` | IP from extracted data to parse.                  |         | yes      |
| `db_type` | `string` | Maxmind DB type. Allowed values are "city", "asn" |         | yes      |

#### GeoIP with City database example:

```
{"log":"log message","client_ip":"34.120.177.193"}

loki.process "example" {
	stage.json {
		expressions = {ip = "client_ip"}
	}

	stage.geoip {
		source  = "ip"
		db      = "/path/to/db/GeoLite2-City.mmdb"
		db_type = "city"
	}
}
```

The `json` stage extracts the IP address from the `client_ip` key in the log line. 
Then the extracted `ip` value is given as source to geoip stage. The geoip stage performs a lookup on the IP and populates the following labels:

- geoip_city_name: Kansas City
- geoip_country_name: United States
- geoip_continet_name: North America
- geoip_continent_code: NA
- geoip_location_latitude: "39.1027
- geoip_location_longitude: -94.5778
- geoip_postal_code: 64184
- geoip_timezone: America/Chicago
- geoip_subdivision_name: Missouri
- geoip_subdivision_code: MO

> If only a subset of these labels are required, you can chain the above pipeline with the `label_drop` or `label_keep` stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If only a subset of these labels is required, you can chain the above pipeline with the `label_drop` or `label_keep` stage.
```

label_keep example:
```
loki.process "example" {
	stage.json {
		expressions = {ip = "client_ip"}
	}

	stage.geoip {
		source  = "ip"
		db      = "/path/to/db/GeoLite2-City.mmdb"
		db_type = "city"
	}

    stage.label_keep {
        values = [ "geoip_city_name", "geoip_country_name", "geoip_location_latitude", "geoip_location_longitude" ]
    }
}
```

> Only the labels listed in the `values` list in `label_keep` stage will be sent to Loki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the labels listed in the `values` list in the `label_keep` stage are sent to Loki.
```

label_drop example:

```
loki.process "example" {
	stage.json {
		expressions = {ip = "client_ip"}
	}

	stage.geoip {
		source  = "ip"
		db      = "/path/to/db/GeoLite2-City.mmdb"
		db_type = "city"
	}

    stage.label_drop {
        values = [ "geoip_postal_code", "geoip_subdivision_code" ]
    }
}
```

> All the labels except the ones listed under `label_drop` stage will be sent to Loki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the labels except the ones listed under `label_drop` stage are sent to Loki.
```

}
```

### stage.geoip block

> The `geoip` inner block configures a processing stage that reads an ip address and populates the labelset with geoip fields. Maxmind’s GeoIP2 databse is used for the lookup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `stage.geoip` inner block configures a processing stage that reads an ip address and populates the labelset with geoip fields. Maxmind’s GeoIP2 databse is used for the lookup.
```

Populated fields for City db:

- geoip_city_name
- geoip_country_name
- geoip_continet_name
- geoip_continent_code
- geoip_location_latitude
- geoip_location_longitude
- geoip_postal_code
- geoip_timezone
- geoip_subdivision_name
- geoip_subdivision_code

Populated fields for ASN (Autonomous System Number) db:

- geoip_autonomous_system_number

> - geoip_autonomous_system_organization

Reviewer 2: We typically put detail like this following the arguments table for the block so the table is close as it can be to the header, can you move it down below?

Author: The added labels are already well documented in the two examples, so I decided to remove it from the introduction.
